# 1.6.4
This release focuses on refining the new shuttle management features with several key bug fixes and usability improvements. It also introduces new tools to support the river crew, including the Arrival Report and a 5-day weather forecast integration.

## New Features
- New "Arrival" report
    - This is a new report intended for the river crew. Its goal is to predict the arrival time of bookings that have been checked in. It works by taking a list of all bookings that have been returned in the current day, and calculating the combined average float time for for them. It will then use this to predict the arrival time of bookings that have been checked in but not returned based on their check in time. This requires at least one booking to be returned for the same day for this report to function, and will become more and more accurate the more bookings are returned. Bookings labelled with red means that the booking has taken longer than their anticipated arrival time. The BookingRecordView can also be accessed from this report by selecting a booking within it, and you can even check bookings out from it if a user chooses to do so.
- Added Weather Forecast dialog to display forecast for the next 5 days (OpenWeather)
    - Can be accessed in ModeSelectionPage by tapping the current weather component
- Added count of repair records currently in repair to Repair Module "In Repair" tab
- Added color labling support for "No Show" bookings in ReportLookupPage
- Sort shuttle bookings by booking datetime in ShuttleManualInput

## Bug Fixes
- Added vertical scrolling support to ShuttleReportV2 and restructured components to prevent the UI from being overwhelmed by mass bookings in a category
- Fixed bug in refresh logic in ShuttleManualInput causing it to hide all bookings
    - Refresh logic is now greatly improved and more sophisticated
- Fixed sorting logic in ReportLookupPage to sort by first name alphabetically
    - Handle case sensitivity
    - Handle both full and single names
- Removed "null" placeholder text when creating a shuttle note and no note has been created previously
- Fixed malfunctioning Repair Record search by raft number

## Changes
- Changed "Inflated" to "Arrived" in ReportsV2
- Added repair records with status "Broken" to Repair Module "In Repair" tab